why should he treat you like a
queen like seriously why should he treat
you like a
queen because you're beautiful because
you're a woman then let me ask you
another question why are you not being
treated like a queen hi guys welcome
back to my channel my name is Michaela
and today I'm going to explain to you
how you will be treated like a queen
without even demanding it for the rest
of your life let's get into this listen
I'm not saying that you do not deserve
Queen treatment because you're beautiful
or because you're a woman I'm saying
actually you deserve Queen treatment
doesn't matter how you look and from
where you are I think in my opinion
women on all over the world should
receive Queen treatment it should be
something basic a basic principle in
every relationship with a feminine
masculine Dynamic but I know in today's
world we have three type of women the
first type of women are the ones we are
all admiring to be the ones who are
being treated like a queen without doing
any effort without demanding it they
just receive the maximum of Queen
treatments what we can imagine
the second one are the ones who are
demanding to receive Queen treatment yet
they do not get what they want and the
third type of women are the ones who
treat their men as their Queen for my
part a few years ago I was one of those
wom of type two I was one of those wom
who would be demanding respect demanding
Queen treatment from men and I would not
receive it I would not get what I want
and when I looked at those wom of type
one who simply received Queen treatment
I was wondering what do they do what do
they have what I do not have why do they
receive Queen treatment and I don't you
will be
thinking what do these wom have are they
more beautiful are they more sexy are
they more charismatic are they skinnier
or more fashionable or whatever it is
than you but honey let me tell you
something it's none of that I have seen
the most for me unappealing woman
receiving Queen treatment to the most
drop dead gorgeous woman receiving Queen
treatment it has nothing to do with how
you look and within this video I will
explain to you what it is look first of
all you canot demand Queen treatment
think about a queen what is a queen what
is she and what does she a queen is
carrying her crown a queen is carrying
herself with Grace a queen is treating
herself with Grace a queen is the head
of a Nation or a a country or a family a
queen is a people's person a queen is
kind a queen manages
responsibilities a queen is not
depending on anyone and has her King
right that's what makes a queen a queen
Queen Elizabeth for example she was not
a queen because the whole UK saw her and
treated her like a queen no they treated
her like a queen because she was one and
not the other way around so the first
thing you need to understand is that you
need to embody that Queen in you first
you cannot receive Queen treatment from
nobody on this Earth if you do not
embody your queen now you will ask
yourself how do I become a queen how do
I embody that Queen in me don't worry
honey I got you I'm going to give you a
guide that you can follow that that you
can stick to in order to become your
queen version first of all kindness
everyone on the Internet is talking
about blackhead energy and being
and playing that game with a man but to
be honest no honey a real queen is not
a queen is kind she has
boundaries yes but she is kind to people
if I'm seeing someone on the street a
worker or someone I don't know I'm being
kind to that person you need to be a
people person there is nothing wrong in
being kind it doesn't cost you anything
it doesn't hurt anyone it's actually
good for you and for that other person
and with kindness I mean kindness
throughout your day when you go to a
shop you buy something you speak to the
cashier you are mind to this person you
ask for the name you ask from where this
person is that's what I do all the time
I ask from where the waiter is if he or
she is having a great day just because
of kindness and curiosity I'm curious
about people and that's one attribute
that a queen carries within her a queen
is not mean a queen is kind a queen is a
peers person the second f thing is have
your own life I think we all know those
quotes on Tik Tok if he doesn't text
back just go for a run do your hobbies
see your girls and so on these quotes
they don't exist out of the nowhere
these quotes are coming from a place of
be a queen because if you're a queen you
have your own life you are not over
obsessive over this man or this person
you do not have a man ruling your life
you have your own life going on you have
your own Hobbies you are busy you are
busy with your life you are having your
own business you are following your
passion I'm not saying you have to have
a big business and make big money even
though it's definitely beneficial but
honestly have your own thing going on on
have your hobbies if you do not have
hobbies look for hobbies try new things
out meet with your friends you have to
have your friend Circle you have to have
your girls that you meet on a regular
basis because if you keep depending your
mood and your everything on this one man
guess what your whole self-confidence is
bounded with this man and once he's gone
once he gives you some signs of he's not
available he's not texting back or
something is happening you will be
clingy and a queen is not clingy a queen
knows her worth so much that she knows
this man if he doesn't reply to me right
now it's either really important what
he's doing either he's super busy he
didn't see it or he simply didn't
deserve you and that's it as a queen you
do not beg for someone's attention or
love because you know your worth so much
that you do not need that attention you
have your attention on yourself most of
the time 90% your attention is on
yourself and this goes hand inand with
my third point that makes a queen a
queen you have to be taken care of
yourself already without a man so many
women get ready just to be beautiful for
a man they want a man to get the flowers
they want a man to get gifts they want a
man to take care about them which there
is nothing wrong with it I'm full with
you I also want to have my man taken
care of me but when my man is not here
when I do not have a man then I'm taking
care of myself when this man is leaving
me I do not want want to be in a
dependent mood and feeling like without
this man I'm nothing worth without this
man I'm not getting flowers without this
man I'm not getting nice things without
this man I'm not going on holidays
without this man I'm not wearing my
lingery without this man I'm not
dressing up no no no with or without
that man you are going to dress up for
yourself because you should not do that
for someone else you should go on
holidays with yourself because you want
to spend time with yourself and you want
to spend time on a holiday and it should
never ever depend on a man you think a
queen think about Queen Elizabeth if she
wants to go on a holiday she's not going
to sit here and wait for a man coming on
his horse picking her up for a holiday
she's just going for a holiday if she
doesn't have a man that's why it's so so
so important that you take care of
yourself no matter who is in your life
and who is not I want you to have your
skincare ritual not depending if there
is a man or not I want you to take care
of yourself wear that cute pajama even
when there is no man in bed with you
this is not about pleasing someone this
is about pleasing yourself and if you
you cannot please yourself to the
maximum you will never find a man that
will please you to the maximum those are
standards that you set already for
yourself when you set standards for
yourself that high you will find a man
that will reach the standards that high
or even higher because a man naturally
wants to add to your life so if your
standard is here and a man is here he
will not even try to to come into your
life unless he's a psycho because he
knows he cannot give you what you need
he cannot fulfill the purpose of a man
in this relationship that's why once you
set your standards High you will find
men who will treat you that way you will
find men who give you that Queen
treatment you have to give yourself that
Queen treatment first so when you are
single you get your flowers yourself
every week and once you meet a man and
he sees wow this girl is taking care of
herself she must be so special that she
is taking care of herself so much he
will send you flowers twice a week
because men are competitive and man
wants to be better men want to provide
more than you can have without him so
whatever you can give yourself already
he will always be on top of that the
third thing is it the third thing the
fourth thing is work on your mind it's
all roses and flowers to be beautiful to
smell good to be well taken care of but
if you have no brains honey if a man
cannot have a conversation with you
longer than 2 minutes you are not a
queen I'm sorry to tell you you have to
work on your mind you have to improve
your language skills you have to improve
your knowledge all over whatever you can
have knowledge about maybe politics so
you can have a chitchat about that have
knowledge about investing crypto have
brains honey you cannot be attractive to
a man for a long period of time when you
have no brains so I want to encourage
you learn new languages travel by
yourself read more books simply learn as
many skills as you can and indulge that
knowledge as much as you can listen to
YouTube videos not only about beauty and
skincare routine and weight loss and and
and listen to YouTube videos that will
expand your mind so you can have a
conversation with someone believe me
guys who have money guys who run
businesses those guys they want someone
on their table that looks good and have
brains believe me if a woman has Brains
it's more important than the looks if
you look healthy if you look taken care
of and you have brains you have already
won more than half the race but if you
are just beautiful if you Dro de
gorgeous and you can not have a
conversation with someone and all you do
is he yeah he you're right excuse me no
offense no offense honey but I'm telling
you from experience and I'm telling you
from a place of love you will not get
far the next thing is have your own
money I am so guilty of this I always
thought I need a man to take care of me
to have a good life yes I want my man to
take care of me but I want to be able to
take care of myself as well I do never
again want to be dependent on a man I
want to be my own caretaker and that's
what should be your goal yes you want to
be taken care of your men you want to
have your men pay your bills give you
gifts whatever your standards are that's
fine let him pay everything if that's
what you want but you should be able to
pay your bills for yourself you should
be able in case is you do not have this
men anymore you do not want to be that
woman that lives in a rat hole somewhere
but when she has a man she lives in his
Villa but when this guy is leaving her
you go back to your R hole seriously
that's not a queen and I think I do not
have to explain that to you because
that's obviously not a queen so you have
to be able to take care of yourself and
yes that's work and yes that takes
effort and yes that takes time and yes
you think oh I already have to take care
of my nails of my skin of my body of
everything else how can I have knowledge
business or money and all these other
things as a queen you have faith and you
have trust that all of these things are
meant to be for you anyways and that
brings me to the final last point a
queen Queen is spiritual a queen is
connected to herself of course and to
source to God a queen is fully in faith
and trust that everything is happening
for her and not to her and that there is
nothing too much she can reach the sky
and even higher because that's what
she's here for her highness is meant for
everything she has in her mind there is
is nothing limited for a queen a queen
has no limited thoughts a queen is
unlimited because of her connection with
that God or Source or whatever you want
to call it and once you have that
spiritual connection everything will
flow easy into your life because as
women we have a massive power that most
of us do not even understand we are
naturally connect Ed with Source we are
naturally more connected and in tune
with those higher Powers let's say like
that but if we neglect that then life
feels very hard difficult and bumpy but
once we understand as a woman we are
naturally already so connected we just
have to allow that connection into our
heart and into ourselves sudden L life
is Flowing money is Flowing everything
is coming into your life in order for
you to live your best life you have to
trust that everything comes to you every
opportunity comes to you and then of
course take that opportunity do the
effort and make something with it but
rest relax and Trust have faith that
everything is happening for your heart
highest good for a queen there is not a
you're successful or you're beautiful
either you have a man or you're
successful either you have the Birkin
bag or you have a car either you buy an
apartment or your man has to buy the
apartment for a queen there is no either
or there is just an so honey please
please please if you didn't do that
before work on your spirit uality no
don't go walk around in that Birkenstock
slippers with a hippie kimono and live
on an island that's not what I'm saying
spirituality has so many nuances but I
want you to be connected with that
source and one main point one main
factor about that connection is having
faith having faith is halfway through
everything if you have faith and you
trust that everything happens for your
highest good nothing can go wrong and
actually I want to add another point I
forgot to talk about boundaries baby
girl boundaries are so important because
you are teaching everyone around you on
a daily basis how they should treat you
so if you want to receive Queen
treatment you have to set the right
boundaries if you let someone overstep
you your boundary once it's very likely
that this person is doing it again and
again and again if you do not make a
clear boundary here and the boundary is
something like a no or is something that
you say I do not want to be treated like
this and then walk away if you say I do
not want to be treated like this and you
stay in that situation your words do not
mean anything your actions need to
represent your words so if you say no if
you say I do not like to be treated that
way then that's your boundary and you
have to walk away from that if a man is
really interested in you and a man
really sees his mistake in that he will
come to you he will run after you and
make it up to you otherwise he's not
that interested otherwise all he wants
is taking benefit of stepping over your
boundaries so if you want to have a man
treating you like a queen please please
please work on your boundaries and
that's a main point for myself as well
it took me years to understand what are
even my boundaries and how to enforce my
boundaries but once you have done that
you will get what you want you will be
treated how you want to be treated you
will not even have one person in your
life that doesn't give you the treatment
that you deserve I really hope this
could help some of you you understand
Queen treatment is not only about gifts
and Roses from men Queen treatment
starts with yourself and your whole life
starts to better starts to improve once
you treat yourself like a queen with
that said thank you so much for watching
I love you so much and I see you in my
next video bye bye